##### [Download](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Nobel-Justin/Oviz-Bio-demo/master/CNV_Single_Sample/demo_data/CNV_Single_Sample_demo.csv) and [Check](https://github.com/Nobel-Justin/Oviz-Bio-demo/blob/master/CNV_Single_Sample/demo_data/CNV_Single_Sample_demo.csv) the `official demo input`.

# Introduction
The 'Single Sample' visualization is an interactive version of the output plot from 'Patchwork', a bioinformatics tool for analyzing allele-specific copy numbers (CN) and loss-of-heterozygosity in cancer genomes. This visualization summarizes all 24 chromosomal plots generated by 'Patchwork' and provides user with the choice to highlight information of one particular chromosome. The top plot shows clusters as regions of certain allelic constitution and copy number. The chosen chromosome is colored against a background of the complete genome in grey. A colored circle's gradient and size comply with the segment‘s position and size on the chromosome. The circles are semi-transparent so a darker hue, either colored or grey, indicates a greater amount of genomic content in that region. Regardless of the chosen chromosome, tags for copy number and allele content are also drawn on the plot. For example, **2m0** meas `total CN is 2, minor CN is 0, homozygous` and **3m1** means `total CN is 3, minor CN is 1, heterozygous`. The middle and the bottom panels respectively illustrate the normalized coverage and the total and minor copy number of the chosen chromosome. Between the two panels are the cytoband of the chromosome. To visualize data, upload a **CSV** file in the *required* format and use sidebar options to customize the display.

# Single Sample Data
Check the official demo input [here](https://github.com/Nobel-Justin/Oviz-Bio-demo/blob/master/CNV_Single_Sample/demo_data/CNV_Single_Sample_demo.csv). User can directly use the output from the 'Patchwork' tool as our input file.

# Display Interactions
There are three types of interactions: *Tooltips* and *Download*.

- **Tooltips**<br/>
When the mouse moves to a circle in the top plot, corresponding information like `interval`, `size`, `allele imbalance`, `snv count` and `fullCN` are shown on the tooltip.
- **Download**<br/>
  One SVG file will be generated when the '**Download**' button is clicked.

# Sidebar Functions
The sidebar provides diverse options to manage files and select a chromosome.

- **Files**
  - __*Manage Files*__: checklist of CSV files uploaded previously, delete or download the CSV files.
  - __*Upload*__: upload Single Sample CSV file. Note that the duplicated file name will be alerted and given a random postfix.
  - __*Choose*__: choose files uploaded previously. Note that this function is ONLY available to registered users (each account has certain storage).
  - __*File Sets*__: NOT available to this page.
- **Chromosome**
  A selection box is provided to choose between all 24 chromosomes.

*Manual version=1.1*, written by Miss. LI Shiying and Dr. JIA Wenlong on 2020-02-06.
